{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab529
\pard\tx529\pardeftab529\pardirnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 'The future is a very intense place, full of things that haven&amp;t happened yet'\
'The first letter in your future..... is F.'\
'Your future ends with an e.'\
'Knowing the future is not for everyone you know.'\
'Some people have gotten angry and thrown their ipad when I told them their future, 'Are you an angry ipad thrower?'\
'Everything comes to pass, even the future. Why are you in such a hurry?'\
'If I tell you the future, and I&amp;m wrong, will you be mad?'\
'Are you strong enough to handle your future?'\
'Outlook for your future is uncertain'\
'Shake me some more so that I can see that better'\
'Sometimes, the future happens, and then it is in the past'\
'I see an F, a U, a T, a U, an R, and an E as parts of your future.'\
'Ooof, you shook me too much! Now I'm all wonky.'\
'Who needs a magic 8-ball when you've got smiley-iPad-guy?'\
'Are you sure you can handle knowing the future?'\
'See, I worry about your health. It may not be good for you to know your future.'\
'Ask me again in the future.'\
'You have a nice device here you know. Could use a few more fun apps though.'\
'If I look like I'm frowning it's probably because you have me upside down.'\
'If you look at me closely my eyes look like bowling balls, or so I've been told.'\
'Do you really think a silly little app like me can really tell you the future?'\
'If you had a newer device, I probably could have told you your future. But with what you have, there's nothing I can do'\
'Turn me five times then shake me again for the truth about your future.'\
'Turn your head to the side, how does your future look now?'\
'Downloading future from server\'85. please wait.'\
'Error downloading future, please try again later.'\
'The future is an additional purchase. Can you afford it?'\
'The future is entirely in your hands. Haha! Made you look!'\
'The future is entirely in your hands. Go wash your hands dude!'\
'The future is entirely in your hands. Ewww, get your future-dirty hands off me!'\
'The future is what you make of it. Even a simple little app like me knows it.'\
'I have some very complicated code that helps me peel back the fog of the future.'\
'Your future is not carved in stone. Wood? Maybe, Stone? No, not so much.'\
'I wonder if your future would look different if I was an iPhone app instead of iPad. Maybe it would look smaller?'\
'Your future looks very bright, might want to pack some shades.'\
'Su futuro se ve muy claro. Er, sorry, wrong continent!'\
'Your future is very hot, might want to pack a bottle of water.'\
'In the past, your future was the present.'\
'When you shake me, I tell you your future. You shake me harder, I tell you more. You shake me too hard, you break your iPad!'\
'You can change your future, just make sure to shake me often for it.'\
\
\
}